Closes #120 Add landing pages for each section (SDTM, ADaM, TLG, Documents, Interactive, Logs, eSubmission) (#136)
pharmaverse/examples: logging/index.qmd

### Workflow Logging

- **[Logging Implementation](logging.qmd)** - Learn how to implement comprehensive logging in your clinical trial analysis workflows. This example covers setting up logging infrastructure, capturing key events and data transformations, and creating audit-ready log files that document the entire analysis process.

## Importance of Logging

Effective logging provides critical benefits for clinical trial analyses:

- **Audit Trail** - Create a complete record of all data transformations and analysis steps
- **Debugging** - Quickly identify and diagnose issues in complex data pipelines
- **Validation** - Support validation efforts by documenting program behavior
- **Regulatory Compliance** - Meet regulatory requirements for traceability and documentation
- **Quality Assurance** - Enable thorough review of analysis processes
- **Reproducibility** - Ensure analyses can be recreated and verified

## Key Considerations

When implementing logging in clinical trial workflows, consider:

- **What to log** - Critical data transformations, decisions, warnings, and errors
- **Log format** - Structured, searchable, and human-readable output

> - **Sensitive data** - Ensure patient privacy and data security in log files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sensitive data** - Protect patient privacy and data security by being cautious of what gets exposed in log files
```
